# VidMentor-Personalized-Video-Learning-Platform
Students have become increasingly dependent on online platforms for learning since its introduction in the 1960's. though online learning was not as popular back in its early stages, it has gradually evolved to became a common and reliable source for learn for everyone of all age gapes, from learning how to do basic activities such as cooking, playing, and crafting, to learning more complex concept such as engineering concepts, programming and advance technical skills, online learning had become an integral part of our daily lives

As time passes, the amount of content available for even a single topic continues to grow rapidly, often exceeding what an individual can keep track of. Finding the content best suited for someone in this pool of information can be challenging, especially for sonteone just wanting to learn something quickly. Furthermore, if the video that is recommended does not match the learner's level understanding, it can cause confusion, frustration and waist of their time, reducing their overall efficiency and effectiveness of the leaning.

To counter this problem, we have proposed a solution in the form of an application that will gradually adapt to a learner's preference, interest and pace. VidMentor is a web-based application designed to generate recommendations for videos that align with the user's interests. Instead of presenting users with large amounts of generated recommendations, VidMentor focuses one delivering relevant and more user comfortable videos.

By analysing factors such as history, topic preference and user feedback, VidMentor reduces the time consumed in searching for the right video. This personalized approach can help learner's quickly access their desired video, one that matches their level of understanding, making learning more fun, engaging, effective and efficient.
